Added 0.60.0 release notes (#9558)
numba/numba: docs/source/release/0.60.0-notes.rst

> Version 0.60.0 (Release Date)

Author: I have added tommorow's date for now. We can edit it later as required.

Generalized universal function support is extended, it is now possible to call
a ``@guvectorize`` decorated function from within a JIT-compiled function.
However, please note that broadcasting is not supported yet. Calling a
guvectorize function in a scenario where broadcast is needed may result in
incorrect behavior.

(`PR-#8984 <https://github.com/numba/numba/pull/8984>`__)

Add experimental support for ufunc.at
-------------------------------------

Experimental support for ``ufunc.at`` is added.

(`PR-#9239 <https://github.com/numba/numba/pull/9239>`__)

Add ``float(<string literal>)`` ctor
------------------------------------

Support for ``float(<string literal>)`` is added.

(`PR-#9378 <https://github.com/numba/numba/pull/9378>`__)

Add support for ``math.log2``.
------------------------------

Support for ``math.log2`` is added.

(`PR-#9416 <https://github.com/numba/numba/pull/9416>`__)

Add math.nextafter support for nopython mode.
---------------------------------------------

Support ``math.nextafter`` in nopython mode.

(`PR-#9438 <https://github.com/numba/numba/pull/9438>`__)

Add support for parfor binop reductions.
----------------------------------------

> Previously, only operations with inplace operations like += could be used as reductions in pranges.  Now, with this PR, binop reductions of the form a = a binop b can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, only operations with inplace operations like `+=` could be used as reductions
in `prange`s.  Now, with this PR, binop reductions of the form `a = a binop b` can be used.
```

Adds support of ``numpy.datetime64`` and ``numpy.timedelta64`` types in 
``isinstance()``.

(`PR-#9455 <https://github.com/numba/numba/pull/9455>`__)

Python 3.12 ``sys.monitoring`` support is added to Numba's dispatcher.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Python 3.12 introduced a new module ``sys.monitoring`` that makes available an
event driven monitoring API for use in tools that need to monitor execution e.g.
debuggers or profilers. Numba's dispatcher class (the code that handles transfer
of control between the Python interpreter and compiled code) has been updated to
emit ``sys.monitoring.events.PY_START`` and ``sys.monitoring.events.PY_RETURN``
as appropriate. This allows tools that are watching for these events to identify
when control has entered and returned from compiled code. As a result of this
change, Numba compiled code is now identified by ``cProfile`` in the same way
that it has been historically i.e. it will be present in performance profiles.

(`PR-#9482 <https://github.com/numba/numba/pull/9482>`__)

NumPy Support
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Added support for ``np.size()``
-------------------------------

> Added ``np.size()`` support for numpy, which was previously unsupported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added ``np.size()`` support for NumPy, which was previously unsupported.
```
